we got the 96 core rad Ripper Pro now we
could do a straight face review of this
thing tell you all about the Herz and
the degrees and the molts but
realistically are you a Saudi oil prince
no are you a procurement manager then
for $100 million design firm Oh no
you're not that either well then
realistically you and I were never
buying this thing so why don't we just
have some fun with it did you know that
we are going to make this thing fast
enough to set multiple world records
including cine bench yes we reviewed the
script together like always nice also
with 96 course and a new vrm layout this
thing is insanely fast even before you
hook up a 5,000 watt Chiller to it
apparently can draw over 1,000 Watts on
its own really 1,000 Watts just to the
CPU like through the pins yes that's
wild but but not as wild as this segue
to our sponsor build Redux they're so
into building custom gaming PCs for any
budget they made an online pc Builder
that shows you how your favorite games
perform so they can start building your
perfect rig sooner they just want to
build for you dude head to build ruxcon
and create your new rig today ours then
was sent over by Falcon Northwest who
told us don't look that closely at this
thing it was a total rush job the RGB
doesn't light up and this UV printing
isn't up to our usual standard but
honestly we think they're kind of crazy
because this thing looks amazing the
chassis was fully designed inhouse by
their president kelt and the specs are
mindblowing we've got 64 gigs of ddr5
6000 ECC we have two PCI E gen5 ssds
running in raid zero alongside a casual
30 terb SSD from Micron that Falcon
Northwest said well you know for anyone
who's doing content creation they're
going to need lots of storage so we
threw that in there just to make sure it
runs an Asus TRX 50 Sage Wi-Fi with an
insane
43 power phases on it really 800 amp
limit no that's the old limit this one
that's the old limit shut up 800 amps
was the limit of the old one through one
plane that's still the limit mhm but
there's power planes on each side of the
socket that go to each side of the Chip
And you can do them individually so now
we have six 1 1600 amps total that we
can draw I guess where's all that going
to come from you ask they swapped out
the usual, 1600 W power supply for a
250 wat Silverstone
hel hella cool it's worth noting in
North America that power supply is still
a 1600 W power supply so you need 240
volts in order to get the whole 2050
which we have we have a power supply
tester and we're going to need it enough
chitchat though we promised fun what do
you want to do first I want to play City
skylines 2o of course you do all of you
guys know that this game is very
difficult to run demanding we have a
million population city this was sent to
me by bffa plays Indie Games if we were
using the same machine as bffa 5800 x3d
4090 and 128 gigs of ddr4 memory our
system would simply crash as soon as the
level loaded who buddy
holy crap I mean it's not running great
well do you want to look at the uh
processes holy crap they were not
kidding when they said this game would
use the CPU cares you gave it I have
never seen an actual real game use this
kind of CPU power not even close
although it's not all of them yeah yeah
what's up with that what's up with these
ones I think it can do 64 cores
wow which is still really impressive I
mean unless you don't happen to have a
64 core CPU and you want to build a
million population city then it's a bit
of a problem this is totally running now
though oh yeah like it's not great but
you could play it wait we drew up to
1,000 Watts already Yes I mean yeah
we've got a 4090 in there but it's
running at 35%
capacity we haven't even overclocked
anything yet nope wow so lots of them
are at lower clocks but a lot of them
are right up at 4.7 like all of these
are hitting 4.7 surprised it's not
4.8 that's the uh limit when you're
using more than eight cores at a time
for this chip okay what's next uh next
is we download a game cuz that in itself
is fun whoa whoa whoa whoa okay that's
just reserving space okay I thought
thought things were really crazy for a
second there oh look at that CPU usage
go 48% holy sh yeah it goes I've never
seen anything even close to this no the
CPU decode always just starts killing
you over about like what 1 gab guys this
is Forza Horizon
5 2 minutes remaining did you have to
connect to the Seattle server to get the
best speeds or like no I just did it you
know what's well we're peered through
venx and I believe valve is also
appeared through vanx so theoretically
we were always just CPU limited it's
probably also those 4 TB raid zero
drives to be clear you don't need that
kind of throughput but the iops the
random iops cuz it's it's unpacking this
in the background that's why it uses so
much CPU we are writing to our disc at
1.4
gabes per second that is closer to 12
gbit damn right cuz it is on unpacking
in the background knock to a screwdriver
now I know you guys saw this already
except you probably didn't because if
you blinked you would have missed it in
the intro we're going to do a quick run
of cinebench R23 and by quick I'd mean
that by the time I finish stalling for
time it will be
done
115,000 points this thing is
definitely a little bit overclocked from
the factory oh
interesting so Falcon tune in it well
probably Asus is uh yes okay good old
multi-core enhancement yeah let's take
it to another level uh okay so wait uh
should I just be like dumping fluid into
it while you talk through the CH the
alterations we've made to this no we
have to do the alterations oh we're
going to make some alterations cuz we
thought you guys might get bored of
seeing the same old 5,000 watt Chiller
with the same old 5 Celsius limit um
how Factory approved are these
alterations to hit lower temperatures so
I talked to thermoscientific cool hi
thermoscientific yeah they were not
super happy about uh what we wanted to
do if our fluid freezes in the plate
heat exchanger that they have in there
uhhuh it will expand and completely
write off our entire unit I see but they
told us how to do it anyway no oh we are
just spoofing it
we're spoofing it what is what do you
mean by spoofing it what does that even
mean you're
just that is so janky right here is the
thermocouple that they use to figure out
how cold the water is and when the water
hits 5 C they turn it off but if this
right here just goes I don't know right
there they don't know how cold the water
is speaking of which it can't be water
because if it was then we would almost
certainly blow up the plate heat
exchanger that's where this stuff comes
in windshield deicer we could use
antifreeze but from my experience
working with chilled systems in the past
it tends to get a little bit viscous
once you hit -2 - 255 this stuff by
contrast stays waterlike in its
viscosity down to almost its entire
rated temperature temperature range
which is down to - 49 c now what then I
basically just pull this block we put on
a new block we call it a day yeah but
it's a tiny bit more complicated than
that for the new thread rippers they
want 135 lb of force from the heat sink
oh that's basically like a small adult
male standing on it yes although it
turns out it's actually not quite that
much these older ones should have about
96 lb of force which is enough so we did
go ahead when we thought we needed the
135 made our own man for this sp5 block
uh-huh but now I kind of just want to
use the old one cuz I don't
think it it should be fine I mean the
worst thing that could happen is the
system won't post or one of our memory
modules won't show up or and then we'll
try again yeah and with this guy the
worst thing that happens is we it oh my
good one thing we also can do right now
is upgrade the RAM if we so feel like it
what is that these are the
6400 Mega transfer per se G skills oh
wow they only put stickers on them
really G skill I mean I'd rather have
highp speed Ram with a sticker than
slower Ram with a big metal cooler on it
so sure yeah let's do it yeah all
right there it is goodness gracious
that's a big heat spreader goes all the
way to the flipping Edge now something
you guys are probably wondering about if
you've watched us use the chiller before
is guys where's the precautions where's
the Subzero treatment for the
motherboard it's going to die and you'd
be right under normal circumstances as
soon as you go below the ambient
temperature in the room by too much
condensation starts to form on your
tubes and on your blocks and on the back
of your motherboard which can cause a
short which can cause death but because
we didn't really want to put this
motherboard through the shmoo treatment
we came up with a new idea what if
instead of insulating our system against
the cold we embraced the cold as long as
the environment around it matches that
temperature it shouldn't be a problem so
we're going to put the whole thing in
the environmental chamber set to
what-
20 sure
orus 10 or 15 I don't know I just picked
that as long as we don't go too low cuz
we did do that video a little while ago
where we found out that certain
components don't behave well below about
-30 -40 yeah it's a bad time I just want
to clean this so we don't get any shoo
on anything when it's hanging out here
yes do we want to take the whole thing
out no I was just going to kind of leave
it hang oh wait you were waiting for me
to figure it out right the fluid in the
lines it's going to freeze it might it's
going to blow up our radiator oh crap
all right yeah it's going to have to
come out uh one moment please okay time
to get
Frosty not
Frosty cuz Frost is from the moisture in
the air we don't want that is that minus
20 already yep heck yeah
boy oh God oh God uh okay hi hello are
we using Worm Drive clamps
yep now under normal circumstances we
would have concern concerns about
condensation build up on these tubes but
in this case it doesn't really matter
because oh wait we do have a solution
for who we have a solution for that oh I
didn't really care I was just going to
let it drip onto the floor oh no no no
one sec I me okay there's those but what
is that it's insulation that's not
insulation oh inside of it is insul
insation I mean
sure fun fact when we're done with this
this system is going to have to sit for
probably about 3 or 4 4 days to let all
the sweat all the water that's just
going to condensate on it evaporate and
allow it to function
normally
woo that's a good noise no no it's good
it's good it's cycling it's going oh
temp probe thing yes man we have gotten
so much mileage out of this thing yeah I
have owned that since pre- lmg times oh
nice all right 15
and dropping fast it worked wow damn all
right 128 gigs ddr5 64 freaking 100 what
else are we doing in here other than
appreciating this delightful throwback
bios
screen I think we use AI the power of AI
what uh you want to go back to that the
warning one the warning oh this oh sorry
I it's like ads I don't see warning
a lot of people probably don't but these
CPUs actually have a little fuse in them
that will tell AMD if you have
overclocked your chip now they promise
that they will not deny you warranty if
you have overclocked your chip unless
you kill it through
overclocking but then why do it that
sounds like a trust me bro guarantee if
I've ever heard one manual CPU
overclocking okay what do we what do we
want no we we don't want any of this
garbage manual stuff go to AI
recalibrate cooler yes more inclined to
update what is this what am I what is
even happening right now optimism scale
what the hell is an optimism scale if
it's going to stay as cool as it
currently is I see okay so keep training
more inclined to update optimism scale
100 okay were you happy sure what what
does this do this just gives it more
power and more hurts I don't know but
Gary said it's really good that's
hilarious AI tweaker after all these
years finally has some AI in it it was a
100% a branding thing I think it was
back LGA 1366 was when they first
launched that branding what do we think
level four sure this is where you can
see that you can actually
change each of the CPU rails
independently wow so if one of your like
sides of your CPU is a little bit faster
you can give that one more voltage and
and give the other slower side less so
that it doesn't eat into your like
cooler
budget jeez this is great hey not having
to insulate and she's pristine in there
actually all that Frost that formed
before looks like it's sublimated away
cuz I guess the humidity in here is so
low this is
awesome
nooo and our CPU is at 9.6 de all right
in a bench then we ready
yep so the is doing nothing but telling
the AI to be
optimistic
slower
huh why is it slower good AI what if we
try
again be more optimistic okay so it's
the same H all right back to the BIOS I
see that after all of our around
with PBO and curve offsets and all of
that we've gone old school yep we have
very simple allc core ratio set manual
voltage on all of them that is scary 5.1
GHz all course there's no way that's
going to work oh wait and
see are you expecting this to actually
work yeah I said 1,000 Watts not 2,000
wats oh we're we're going to get close
to 1,000 or
2,000 we should have right now the
fastest non- overclocked thread Ripper
going mean non- overclocked or the
fastest not ln2 thread Ripper the
fastest one of these has ever gone is
168,000 in cin bench wow we weren't even
close without ln2 for now I changed the
priority to high 168
696 wait are we not there I just want to
see
169 168 6 that is an exact match holy
crap exactly to the point well let's run
it again
yes we did it 169 nice nice 1,400 wats
through the socket those poor vrms I
don't think anyone's going to try and
replicate this but before you do there
are a couple of other things we change
so you played around with the Curve
Optimizer curve Optimizer which is what
I don't know I mean that's fair but it's
part of amd's black magic that's part of
PBO and essentially is kind of like
undervolting underload but not V dro
yeah something like that okay perfect
thank you that's very helpful uh also
turned up load line calibration to five
and then there was one other thing that
you did uh slew rate uh funp that up all
right we gave it the Old Slew rate yeah
sweep the leg boom go faster otherwise
we'll get you yeah so we're here now yes
5.2 what let's go to 52 but we'll have
to change the uh
B4
up or down up oh good I mean we peaked
it 30 last time yeah we have way more
yeah we'll get way more until we blow it
up what no why do why is everyone but me
wanting to kill this $10,000 chip no the
chip will probably be fine I think it
would be the motherboard that would poop
itself but that's fine we have acers
contact do they even still like you no
but they like me yeah they they like
Alex so here we
go still can't believe how fast that is
should we set the 2003 world record
cenge 2003 yep sure now this isn't going
to hit all of the
cores but the 96 core world record in
this is
457 okay I think we can beat it yep we
did easy I I don't even know where to
find the score in this application right
there they're
8600 all right see you later World
Record yep hell yeah nice knowing you I
wonder if we could game at this though
can we fire up City skylines too again I
I have a strong suspicion that we're not
going to make it into the game do the
mouse still move oh yeah okay we're not
locked up yet here we go here we go here
we go here we go oh she's still working
Alex it's still a system there we go oh
and there it goes it hit 1100 Watts for
a second in there our GPU is only
running at about 34%
utilization like the GPU is not the
thing struggling here I think the game
engine is what's struggling this does
seem smoother than
before he said right as it completely
crapped
itself oh my
hands here we go oh boy look at this
cable my hands my PO hands but no danger
to it as long as it's in there isn't
that awesome frad Ripper Pro then
practical for the average consumer
absolutely not it's going to be a lot of
years looking at how City skylines 2
can't even use all these cores before we
see any kind of consumer workload that
can take advantage of this kind of
muscle but is it cool yeah whether
you're a business that can take
advantage of all that grunt or you're
just the kind of person who likes seeing
things go really fast you know what
would happen if we took amd's epic
server processors and just completely
let them off the leash it's freaking
mindblowing like this mind-blowing segue
to our sponsor Squarespace need a
website but don't have the knowhow
Squarespace is allinone platform makes
it easy to get your website up and
running quickly so you don't have to
longingly scroll through other people's
cool websites and wonder what might have
been grow your business online through
their marketing features including SEO
support email campaigns and social tools
choose from a wide selection of
award-winning mobile optimized templates
and check out their Commerce platform
which comes with everything you need
from merchandising to checkout I said
checkout twice love you Squarespace
there's also analytic insights to help
you optimize for performance so you can
see what's working well and What needs a
little tweaking if you get stuck on
anything Squarespace offers help guides
and a 24/7 support team head to
squarespace.com
and get 10% off today if you guys
enjoyed this video
uh why not the last time we went Subzero
when was that uh the last City scotes 2
video oh yeah cool yeah that was fun
more Intel flavored that time though
they kind of need it more yeah